Bananas grill. Hands down the best French fries and shawarma
Can someone make this a Google map?
Miss Cafe for lahmacun
Redwing Cafe
guguda
Ton Kiang BBQ House in chinatown. Best roast duck / pork, killer beef chow fun. True hole in the wall
Midnite Ramen food truck!
Zouve
Grouchy Chef
Independent Pizzeria
Raiz
Samara
Hoang Lan

Vietnamese. Their Bun Bo Hue and Mi Quang are as close to what you get in Vietnam as I can find.
Canton Wonton House!
My Friend Derek's (pizza)
Queen C Ph
Waz
84 Yesler
Kezira Ethiopian
Little Thai
Dalat Quan White center
Hoang Lan
Tig Korean kitchen & bar in the university district, fairly close to Lake City! 
Pho Aroma (West Seattle)
I wish there were more restaurant in south Seattle.
Grill king Korean BBQ
Fat Shack because they are open late.
Waz
West of Chicago Pizza
Itsumono
La Fontana Siciliana
Omega Ouzeri
The Fettuccine Tartufo at ** La Vita E Bella ** on 2nd in downtown is AMAZING.  I love Italian food!  

It's basically homemade fettuccine pasta with Italian sausage, mushrooms, a cream sauce & truffle oil.
Tianfu - Sichuan food, Honey Court - Cantonese food (closes 2-3am too so go to spot on late nights)
Viengthong right between south end/central district
Jerk shack!!!
Il Nido
BBQ petes
Not gonna be voted the best in Seattle, but...

The Fisherman 

Introduced when I was about 18 by an ex. Have always ended up with random, entertaining situations when my wife and I eat there.
Totoda Sushi
Matt's chilli dogs in Georgetown
Two places I really miss are Healeo in the CD(ish?) its out of biz but their hemp soft serve omgggg!!! And I also miss the kogi tacos at Luckys pho in Fremont. I havent found anywhere else that makes those tacos.
The Vet Chef food truck
Ono poke in Edmonds
Cook Weaver

(Thanks for the recs, everyone! Looks like I've got some places to eat.)
Raccalto
Skalka
Musang
Mikes Noodle House
Woodshop BBQ
Kobuta & Ookami
Johnny Mo's Pizza (Eastlake/U Bridge area)
Kabul Afghan Cuisine in Wallingford
Secret savory
Skylark cafe
Jebena Ethiopian
Othello Wok and Teriyaki (Delicious food, and very kind and friendly owners!)
Lupos
Aviv Hummus Bar!
S/L Hooligan
I LOVED Wedgewood Thai II on broadway. I know they recently closed but they have a new location in Wallingford (I believe). 10/10 you MUST try the mango salad there. Even if you are not vegetarian, it is absolutely the best thai food you can get in Seattle
The Corson Building
Thaiku
Single Shot
Cafe Con Leche 
On 1st Ave in SoDo
Sooooo good
Muto Izakawa
Loving hut
La cabaa and the fat hen
Tai Tung
Tsukushinbo
King Noodle
Galaxy rune in Fremont 
Sichuanese Cuisine on jackson st
BRO FATS CHICKEN AND WAFFLES HAS DELICIOUS ASS FOOD. Also the inside is just cute as fuck
Noren.
Royal Grinders
Sen Noodle Bar Ballard
The Attic in Madison Park
For vegans/plant-based: Wylde Cafe and Plum Bistro are favorites of mine
This old guy who makes chicken teriyaki, and rice. By the hospital and spring street. I think he's a old Vietnamese guy. I was a daily Customer the whole year I lived downtown. Great experience, and guy.
Dinos tomato pie
Yasukos
Arashi ramen. Their spicy miso tonkatsu slaps so hard
Sai sushi on mercer
Just burger
Aladdins no cap
Breezy Town Pizza!
Tamari Bar & Rondo
Ciudad in Georgetown is one of my favs. Might be the only place in Seattle I crave consistently.
Saigon Vietnam Deli
Issian
Pams Kitchen in Wallingford
Naan-n-curry
Reckless Noodles
Noi Thai-boyfriend used to live in the apartments in the same courtyard so wed go fairly often. The clay pot shrimp and noodles are SO good. 
La Rustica
Eden Hill. Special occasion cost, but amazing experience
Kao Kao (retro Seattle), 
Sichuanese, 
Dim Sum King, and
Tai Tung (retro Seattle)
Single Shot
Communion
Pasta pomodoro, gotta read the history of the chef theres a bio in the first page of the menu. Most if not all of the ingredients are handcrafted including the olive oil!
Ku Sushi and Izakaya (Udistrict)
House of Hong in the ID. Best dim sum I've had.

Edit: I just learned covid shut them down in 2020. RIP House of Hong. I loved your shumai :(
Bent Burgers in Seward Park! Great burgers, and tots!
Cafe Zum Zum
Kimchi house in Ballard. Hella good bibimbap!
Jackalope in Columbia City

Real Tex-Mex and a great atmosphere. They serve seasoned chips with warmed salsa, great queso and guac, fresh tortillas, cheese on everything, and delicious grilled rockfish tacos
Kwanjai Thai in Fremont.
Di fiora or the street hot dog  vendors 
Sawyer
HUCKLEBERRY SQUARE IN BURIEN
Sushi Kashiba
Barolo
Island soul
Dragonfish
Osteria La Spiga
Bleu Bistro which I guess is closed? Damn shameWasabi Grilled Cheese!

OkPecos Pit! Hope they are still around!
Rn its Reckless Noodle
Herb + bitters public house
Bateau
Bangrak Market
Maneki. Highly surprising to *not* see this restaurant mentioned yet as it's one of the oldest in the city.
Kedai Makan
Sunny teriyaki Ballard
Musang
Wally's Chowder House.... in Des Moines but close enough
Cafe Munir
Homer is my favorite restaurant in the world right now. So good.
Dolar Shop
Mioposto
Dish in Ballard/Fremont. Not sure exactly what side of the line its on.
Le Coin
Mojito!!!! A hidden neighborhood gem, everything on the menu is fabulous.
Meet the moon (brunch place)
Le Pichet
Cascina Spinasse
Judy Foo's for sure if you want Chinese.
Aqua
Northlake Pizza and Tavern
Cafe Lago

Fats Chicken & Waffles
Asadero Prime the bestest!
India Bistro
Moto, West Seattle, Detroit style pizza, looks like the house from Up.
Tem Sib in Bellevue 
Endolyne Joes in Fauntleroy 
El Gaucho in Bellevue 
La Rustica in Alki
Cactus in Alki
Qin Xi'an Noodles
Loretta's
Sisters and brothers
Copine
The Whale Wins
FOOD TRUCKS AND PHO PLACES IN WHITE CENTER
Tup Tim Thai in Queen Anne used to be my favorite. Since that closed I would have to say: Cafe Turko under the Aurora Bridge in Fremont.
Ciudad
The Good Bar
Royal Everest in Burien. Almost all other Indian in the region is subpar.
Went thru all the comments and I'm hella disappointed that not a single person gave a shout out to Kauai Family Restaurant in Georgetown
Pi Vegan Pizzeria!
Smokestack Lightning BBQ
Safari Restaurant in Columbia City
Ristorante picolinos
Noodle Nation, U district
Mojitos - they're in lake city, amazing food and atmosphere. Check em out!
The Butchers Table
Layers.
Salvadorean bakery in WC
Harbor city.
Meet Korean BBQ
Spinasse.
Pudges pizza on 45th
TNT Taqueria
Fats Chicken & Waffles
As a Pittsburgher whos never been to seattle, I get to upvote everything!
Ghostfish Brewery. They make everything gluten free; food, beer, and the best carrot cake ever!
Seattle Fish Guys
Buddha Bruddah
Windy City Pie!
Cedars on Brooklyn & 47th (u district)
Rock Creek
Stateside
Araya's
Lark!
Stateside
Cafe Presse. Not there anymore, but I was in love once.
Cookie's Country Chicken. Hands down the best fried chicken I've had in Seattle. And they don't mess around with their heat!
Kona Kitchen
Gracia in Ballard and Pegasus in West Seattle. 

Wedgewood Broiler for a trip down Memory Lane.
The Carlile Room.
Betsutenjin in Cap Hill
Tai Tung international district
Roccos
Sawyer
Chinooks
Matt's at the market.  If I am in Seattle I am very likely to have a Catfish sandwich for lunch.
Dumpling The Noodle! Sooo good.
Angelos in Burien or el Guacho
Kastoori Grill in the market. Skip the lunch buffet but weve never had anything there that was bad. So yum.
fogn in cap hill for the nachos!!
Jacks BBQ in SoDo (havent been to the other locations but just love this one)
Does Lake Forest Park count? If so, then Everest Kitchen.
Menya Musashi Tsukemen & Ramen
Tats serves the closest east coast style subs and sandwiches.

Pho Viet Anh is my favorite Pho spot within the downtown area.

Boca Restobar has the best steak at the best price point.
Damn the Weather
Not a chance i am making my favorite places more of a hassle to get into. I do really like Maharaja over in west Seattle though.
Joule
Izumi (sushi)
El Chupacabra!
Plum Bistro is phenomenal vegan food!
Sushi Kappo Tamura, in Eastlake!
Citizen Cafe
Musashi's on 45th St

&#x200B;

Entirely for sentimental reasons, though if you catch them at the right time and day they'll have excellent salmon and eel nigiri. Can't beat the value/cost ratio on the California roll either.
We have eaten at Saffron every week for years (since they opened). The BEST!
Bad Alberts or Skl.
Flint Creek & Cattle
Saffron grill
Tamarind tree
Georgetown liquor company
John Howie (if Bellevue counts)
Butcher's Table
Shultzys wursts
Jewel of India
Cafe Besalu
Queen Sheba. Injera bread is a magical food
Tacos chukis
Momiji.
Nue
MKT
Fogon Cocina (cap hill) if you want the best Mexican food and the STRONGEST margaritas
Hattie's Hat
Pacific Inn: (Fish and Chips/ Fish Sandwich)
Palisade
Walrus and the Carpenter
Canlis
Bongos green lake
Tamari Bar is high on my list.
The Carlile Room
Roccos
LUNA PARK CAFE !!
San Fermo, Italian in Ballard. Simply the best.
Local tide in Fremont. Best albacore tuna sandwich Ive ever had, never even think about ordering anything else
Triangle in Fremont has the best chicken sandwich Ive ever had.
The Shambles in Maple Leaf! Used to be a full-on restaurant, almost went under during COVID, now a set-menu steakhouse and bar. Pricey, but INCREDIBLE steak, sides, cocktails, and wine. Theyre also a butcher shop!
[Ristorante Machiavelli ](https://www.ristorantemachiavelli.com/) on Capitol Hill. Been my favorite restaurant in Seattle since 1998. Fettuccine Carbonara, Veal Milanese, Eggplant Parmigiana, Linguini Vongole, handmade Gnocchi their pesto pizza is my sons favorite. Even their mixed green salad (with beets!) is great - I always add Gorgonzola & white Spanish anchovies to it. Great people own it, work it, cook it. I love it.
TNT taqueria
Dreamland in Fremont has the best brunch since Skillet, Firehouse, and Portage Bay Cafe and is easily better than all 3 combined.
Bangrak Market
Mashiko sustainable sushi and their periwinkle snails 
Il Terrazzo Carmine
 Bitterroot BBQ
Bar (for food and drink, also it's a great joint): Twilight Exit

BBQ: Jack's BBQ

Seafood(oysters, fried fish, some other stuff): White Swan (also great outdoor seating) 

"Sit down": Palace Kitchen (...it still that good in my opinion, but so many others are as well). 

Mentions: Aviv, The Shop Agora (easy to miss), Le Pichet, Maximilien, Tai Tung, Moonlight Cafe (good vegan Vietnamese-Chinese, also serves meat) ... I may add more as it comes to mind
Bizarro!!!
Olympia Pizza & Spaghetti House
Vinason Pho.  https://www.vinason.net
Ono poke
Caf nervosa
Teriyaki madness
Bankgrak Market!
Tolouse Petit!
I been on a Bongos wave as of late
Space needle
Pestle Rock
Marination Ma Kai
Fogon in capitol hill
Ma'ono Fried Chicken
Un Bien
Brouwers in Fremont
The Honey Hole on Capitol Hill.
Seattle metropolitan grill
Jack in the Box on North Aurora.fascinating scenery 
Asadero Sinaloa

Pomodoro

Kin Len

Yang Dumpling House

El Patio

Soo Moon Nam Jib

MegaStar Chinese BBQ in Kent got the best Cantonese Roast Pork

ICONIQ

Pelicana

Toulouse Petite 

Issian the only legit Izakaya we got

Ive had a lot of sushi all over; still cant decide who got the best Uni and Chu Toro
Ray's Cafe
Ill start: The Pink Door (might get hella downvoted tho)
Their wings fuck.
I havent been in a few years but the owner was so so nice. Waiting for food he would serve that lentil soup, such a nice and welcoming feeling while knowing that gyro and fries were coming. Good hummus too.
I loved when that place used to deliver to me. It was amazing.
Oh hell yes the one in columbia city
Hell ya this is right by where my new apt is gonna be!!! Def gonna try
Doesnt have everything but added a few from this list and others Ive been to or have been highly recommended

https://www.yelp.com/collection/f1Sp_FXrieRKDKRrbM6-Xg/My-Bookmarks
[easy peasy](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Where is this?
Meh
Where is this? Cant find any results on internet search
Ive been looking for a place with great duck! Thanks!
It's their anniversary today!
On 65th, guy is nice but,  it's an "interesting" dining experience.
Such good ragu
Upvoting because Ive been trying to go there for a long time!  Heard amazing things!
Not in Seattle, but [I'll allow it](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/036/003/I'll_Allow_It_Meme_Banner.jpg).
Some of the best pizza in the city
 my buddies place. So happy to see all the upvotes
Raiz is so fucking fire
Dont know if they still do the brisket and fermented fennel tacos but they were excellent!!!
Just went there for the first time last week!! It was SO good. Homemade ice cream made with real ingredients. The cabbage makes me drool. Every type of pork on the pork dish cooked perfectly with great flavors.
Such an incredible restaurant.
We love Samara.  The owner and staff have done and continue to do a great job.
I dont got the heart to downvote just cuz I love hoang lan so much it hurts
I think Pho So 1 has way better Bun Bo Hue which is funny because the restaurant name is literally number one pho lol
I go by this place every day but have never been inside. Guess I have to now.
I have not tried this one but Ive heard its amazing
really? mid boba and food and super expensive.
Waz is fantastic. Good choice.
I read a lot of good reviews so had to try it! I went in June and was very unimpressed 
love it
Sorry but "in the University district, fairly close to Lake City" is breaking my brain lol.
The west seattle bridge is opening in 8 days. Hop on over to Buddha Ruksa and get yourself some crispy garlic chicken.
Ciudad is fire though.
Fatshack is so f good, was there late last night drunk and bought a hoodie that says I love doobies* fatshack
Quite good this one
Such a cute lil place in Belltown!
So good, but have tried
Whats the difference? You're their all time best seller!
Jerk shack is life changing. Their weird Covid hours were crushing me!
For those that liked Il Corvo (RIP) this is the same owners.
One of the best meals Ive ever had
This place has gone down hill
The best, freshest, most authentic poke in the Seattle area Ive ever had I could die
This place is excellent.
Raccolto? Definitely recommend them!
Soooo good.
That place is soooo good.
Yes! I want this place to become really popular! I want everyone to try some Georgian food
Went down to Skalka when I was having a bad day and it was such an instant gratification. The cheesy eggy bit healed me. Haha!
Musang is outstanding. So so good.
Grew up in Kansas City. The only place Ive found out here that scratches that bbq itch, and their mac and cheese is so gooooood.
My favorite! I always get the lamb kebab. Their eggplant is so good too!
So good!
Keep forgetting to try that place. Got a recommended dish?
My favorite Thai place ever!!! Every single thing on the menu is amazing.
Love them!
This place is legit. I have lived near it for 8 years and somehow never knew it was there. I now eat there once a week.
This is not absolutely the best Thai food in Seattle. Signed, a Thai person. Try:
 - Kin Len
- Bangrak Market
- ZapVerr
- Mai Thaiku 
- Isarn Soul Food
Their drinks alone just sitting at the bar are worth it. Was there last Friday and the server was so nice to my friend and me. Made us feel like a million bucks. Love this place-always have.
The fat hen is a religious experience.
La cabaa has been my most recent restaurant obsession. So good!
As a non vegan, I've really been curious about trying this place. I highly recommend the vegetarian burger at Burbs for being the closest I've had to tasting like a real beef burger.
I love them but theyre fucking never open
Yes yes yes yes!!!!! Amazing the special hot beef chow mein is a thing of dreams
Best Xin Jiang lamb I've had in the U.S.
go bulldogs
I miss it so much!!!
So good.
I live in west Seattle and I look forward to being able to pop up to Fremont for a royal grinder once the bridge opens
I would upvote this x100 if I could. I moved out of state and miss their sandwiches 
The corn cakes are my favorite thing there!
I live waaaay too close to that miracle.
The one in Renton?
Reckless is for sure a good one.
It becomes the favorite restaurant of everyone I take there
I really want to love this place because I live right next to it and the vibe is so good but I find the food kind of under spiced. I just want the flavors to pop more. Maybe Im ordering wrong idk. The Ma La beef is good and the Vietnamese iced coffee crem brle is dope, but everything else Ive tried didnt really wow me.
Reckless noods all day every day
Yes!
I literally read the name of the place as Noi Thai Boyfriend, what a funny, unique n...oh nvm... then I realized how damaged  my grammar skills are atm. Lol
The crispy chicken !!!
Kao Kao, the Chinese BBQ place that's in the ID??
Best TexMex Ive had in Washington by far. Although I wouldnt say its authentic TexMex its still really good food.
Recommend Geraldines next door to top with it. Columbia city is totally coming up in good eateries recently

Dragonfish closed down last year D:
Should delete. It's already listed for voting purposes.
Is that on broadway in cap hill?
Fire
My favorite as well. But they're already always booked up, so they hardly need any advertising.
I had the worst experience here. I put my name and phone number down on the waiting list. I was alone. The hostess never ever called my name. 

After about an hour, I asked her on three different occasions when I was going to be called and she kept saying itll be ten minutes, youre one of next people. This kept going on for another forty minutes or so. People who put their names down way after me were getting seated (including other solo diners). Finally I gave up. And they never ended up calling or texting me. It was like the Chinese restaurant episode of Seinfeld.
Terrific place, I remember when they were a tiny food stall before they moved into their building.
Do not support Wallys.
Fuck Wallys. Bunch of fascist supporting pigs.
Reluctant downvote because I agree!
Frelard is appropriate for those fuzzy lines.
A friend recently took me here and it was fantastic! Truly a hidden gem.
I just commented on someone else who said Mojitobut what an INCREDIBLE place! So much flavor in such simple packaging. I love them!
Love that place!
Splurged on the tasting menu. Delish, 100% worth it
Best Italian.....and dare I say best food in Seattle ....PERIOD
The hand pulled noodles are fantastic
My family's favorite Chinese place
For Seattle it's pretty good. Just about any random strip mall Chinese on the east coast is better than nearly all Seattle Chinese. What is up with that? We have 4-5x as many Chinese living here.
This is hard because I instinctively want to up vote this, but having been there before, I'm supposed to down vote. 

But it's so good!
Amazing for sure
If you ever plan to move here, eat all of the pizza you can first. I highly recommend Little Nippers on Craig Street. If you dont realize it, Pittsburgh has far more pizza places per capita than most cities.
Good pick. Have you tried Flint Creek in Greenwood yet?
Lupos across the street is my pick! I havent made it to rock creek yet tho
Hell yea. Everything is good there
RIP Presse.
You can still eat at pichet, downtown. But for how long.
Presse used to be my family favorite. along with lecosho and 10 mercer.  RIP
You mean Cafe Presse was two-timing me?  Sonuva...
Great spot!
Solid spot, usually only went for breakfast. But I went for lunch last week and that kahlua pork is awesome.
If you Like Kona Kitchen you will love Buddah Bruddah.
Is this the one at fisherman's terminal?
The momos are my favorite dish. 
Pho Viet Anh is the best pho around here.
Their asparagus was the best thing Ive ever had.
Honestly, I get it, but on the other hand why not support your favourite businesses ?
NIMBY but make it gastro
You may want to make sure your favorite places can stay in business!
Expensive but soooo worth it! I'm going to take myself there as a treat for taking the LSAT today :)
I used to live up the road from there!!
it feels weird downvoting Musashi's for any reason!  But yeah, amazing spot - haven't been there in a long time but so happy it is still around.
Hell yeah, honestly one of the best Indian spots around in my opinion.
This is the vegan joint, right?
I had to go this far down to find a place Ive been to! Jewel of India is 
Oh damn I forgot about themmmmmm
My absolute star go-to hungover brunch spot. It may not be 5 star quality, but dammit its the hungover brunch we deserve
Hatties is the best in the city. Yupp. The employees make it better
Anthony Bordaines favorite fish and chips (and mine too)
It's great, but it's literally one of the most popular restaurants in Seattle right now.
I have a buddy who is a cartoonist and all around goofball. He got kicked out of there for making people laugh too loud.
This is the one
Upvoting because Ive eaten here (and Rondo, Hi Life, RIP Suika) probably 100 times. Incredible food and staff!
Used to love this joint but it doesnt agree with my bowels anymore.  On the pricey side, especially for someone accustomed to a NJ/NY slice, but its hard to beat their ingredients and various slices.
Palace Kitchen is currently closed.
Le Pichet!!
Best vermicelli bowls!
Easily in the top three.
I ate there pretty recently, they reopened but menu wasnt the same and kind of lacked its former luster.
I actually havent been. Heard its good though. Take my upvote
How about their bananas
That lentil soup! I forgot about that. Best lentil soup Ive ever had.
Thank you! I never knew Google Maps had a thread-analyzing plugin for Reddit.
You bitch.
fuck you XD
Lmfao thats the second time I got one of those today. Incredible.
You got me
Pike Pkace Market on 1st. Really good Turkish food. Haven't had it since pandemic, really miss it.
Its a degeneracy in OPs algorithm for sorting top hidden restaurant gems. Because it doesnt exist, no one has heard of it, so it gets a ton of upvotes and no downvotes.

Sorry I realize its funny and ima buzzkill
Kau Kau is better.
You won't be disappointed, don't forget the sauce!
I was there at Figurehead, they were giving out a free pint to people of Elmer's dark lager. It helped cut the heat from all my chili oil. They are super sweet people and make delicious food.
It's really not that great.  It's decent homecooked food for masochists. The whole "grouchy chef" thing gets old about 1/2 way through dinner.

John's grill in Mukilteo is bar far the best restaurant there, and Red Cork is probably the second.
I just want to point out based on the post theme thats kinda a bad sign
Upvotes mean it hasn't been tried, do you mean it's getting exposure?
Bro didnt read the post 
Its unreal
Glad to see it's so well liked, except when I have trouble getting a reservation.
Ive had 2 Michelin star tasting menus that were cheaper.
I had sex with your wife!!!!!
I mean youre always coming back for my services.
Those ribs!!!! Those life altering ribs!!!!
I loved Il Corvo. And they had such a great bartender.
Was. Mike sold it and moved to Walla Walla.
Highly recommend the combo kebab for two. Its $70 and comes with kebabs, soup, salad, rice, dessert and more. Pay an extra $10 for lamb kebabs if you like lamb. And get the cardamom tea. Thats the complete Kabul experience, and I bring visitors there all the time. Its soooo good 
Oh yeah - any of the kebab entrees - chicken, lamb and beef are all superb. I recommend you get the dinner special version which includes this lovely little sauted eggplant cutlet. The bolani is a great appetizer as well.
Isarn is sooooo good.
Kin Len is GOAT. Heard Bangrak Market is up there too, but havent tried it yet
Dude go try it, it's about as good a burger as you can get, vegan or no.
I use to live down the street a couple years ago so went frequently but most of my friends live north of the cut so hard to convince people to go but once they do they are hooked as well.
How can something so wrong  (Vietnamese iced coffee creme Brulee and it's 1700 grams of sugar per teaspoon) be so damn right, good God , that's delicious. To me tastes like Tiramisu necar from the gods
Well Kau Kau.

It's a Pidgin ( Hawaiian)word than means both food, and come eat.
Yeah, lots of good eats down there! Friends who are gluten free love the Reuben at Columbia City Ale house, and they have Gluten Free Glutenberg IPA there.

Rookies is a pretty chill modern sports bar and they have good meaty wings that are half-off on (I think its?) Wednesday.
That makes me so very sad
Nah im good bro
Yes it is
Way too crowded though. I feel its not that great to wait in queue for 1-2 hours.
Those were the days.
What'd they do?

Edit: well shit
Pink Door
I have to get the sesame chicken when I go.
Yeah of course!  Use to live right in that area.  Just went there recently actually and it was awesome.  Definitely recommend as well.  They also just opened up Bar Sur Mer right next door.  Small seafood plates and nice cocktails.  Excited to check that place out as well.
We are Eskimo brothers now. Peace be unto you.
I need to go back there soon, I dream of that mushroom fettuccine and duck fat fries
I did, Maharaja should be more popular than it is. Others are just at the point where more popularity would make me not want to go there.
Thats fair.
Ooh, congrats! The tempura fried oyster mushrooms are insane, as are both cauliflower appetizers if you havent had them.
Haha, I get what you mean. I'm actually astounded it has so many upvotes, I've always felt it was an essential Seattle classic.
Indeed
Best Indian place ever! Cheap, the owners are really sweet, and Annapurna has nothing on the food imo
Dude they are top tier
A million percent agreed!
Right! The size of the cuts are perfect with the time fried. Perfect Texture!
Its a different environment than most restaurants in Seattle, but the food and drinks are amazing.
My parents went with another couple in the 70sthey didnt have much money but wanted to feel fancy for a night so they ordered some of the least expensive items on the menu. When the bill came, there was a note written on it that they were not welcome back at the restaurant in the future. Im guessing the owners have changed over the years but I still would never give them a penny of my money.
Just saw on the website. That's a bummer.
Not good. Food is equivalent to mass chain Italian. What it has going for it is location and some of the entertainment.
Especially if they're Somalii...

Yoghurt and Strawberries are on another level 
Yeah! Its insane right?
The exposure from this thread will still be a net positive on the business tho?
Oh shit!!! I didnt read close enough  Get in there guys! Madison park right next to the beach.
And Im not gonna dumb it down for some bonehead mass audience!
Oh that's a shame. Quality is still there though so maybe the staff stayed on.
Hope he finds success. I was lucky enough to start eating Il Corvo when it was a pop-up in the Gelato shop at Pike Place Market. 

My god. Life changing.
I always  thought  i didn't like cardamom because of the taste of the baked goodies i always associated it with. Then i tried their tea ....I love that friggin tea!
Last time I went it was delicious but oddly not Halal. Is it still?
I had their steak salad yesterday, whoevers on grill knows their temps!
Its definitely not an all the time place cus of the waits, but its always fun to put a name on the list and go around the corner to Montana or Revolver for some pre dinner drinks.
[Oof](https://waterlandblog.com/2020/06/23/owner-of-wallys-says-not-easy-to-disavow-sons-involvement-with-proud-boys-extremist-group/)

[Ouch](https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/law-justice/auburn-man-and-prominent-proud-boy-charged-in-capitol-insurrection/)

[Owie](https://twitter.com/lcrwnews/status/1276367858327412736?lang=en)
Ethans mom (wife of the owner), Judy Nordean is a piece of racist shit as well. Her Twitter was repulsive. Fffffffffuck Wallys. They knew
[deleted]
Damn that sounds good and my So and I dont yet have dinner plans tonight.
I know! I moved to a different city and I could literally taste it when I read that name! The tacos nopales are the absolute best.
Hattie's is awesome
You should go there just to get kicked out.  

Bust out your calculator to make sure the tax is correct, etc.
Unfortunately this is a family owned restaurant so it was likely the parents of the current owners.  What a shit thing to do.
Quick update , and btw I am a Caesar's salad freak/fiend/whathaveyou, so  to me it never plays 2nd fiddle to a pizza, it's a 50-50 marriage. Their dressing  is fucking phenomenal, no joke , no exaggeration, and  the terms The Stevedore and Twin Peaks  have now entered my  pizza lexicon.

The best way to express how good everything was is to say there was nothing left  by nobody, take out containers are almost dry, no liquids left, all the oils , etc  soaked and wiped off with the crusts, so also noticeable crumbs even. 6 thumbs up
i hadn't  been, and i live in the Madison Valley/CD area  so they'll have 3 brand new customers tonight just because of this.
Thats true, hope it works out well for these upvoted places
Just heard of the place earlier today. Sounds good!
I have no doubt its still great. Assuming you can get a table. :)
Yeah you got to really plan it well
That article doesn't support your statement. Do you have another source?
Thank you for the update! Im a major Caesar salad fan and when its done well.. its one of my favorite things! Will have to try
Antipasto hour from 4 to 6 I believe on their patio! Their bar also sometimes has room... If you're lucky. Lol
